Add initial Code of Conduct (#1)
json-schema-org/.github: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

# JSON Schema Organizational Code of Conduct

Our (The JSON Schema Organization) Code of Conduct is a combination of
the "Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct" 2.1 and the IETF BCP 54 "IETF Guidelines for Conduct" (RFC7154).

# IETF Guidelines for Conduct

Note: These guidelines are not provided in full in this document.
Some extracts are provided.

> Please see the [RFC document](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc7154.html) for full details.

Reviewer: That's only one of the documents - can you link to the other one also?

Author: Which ones? I'm not familiar.

Reviewer: > "Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct" 2.1

# JSON Schema Organizational Code of Conduct

Our (The JSON Schema Organization) Code of Conduct is a combination of
the "Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct" 2.1 and the IETF BCP 54 "IETF Guidelines for Conduct" (RFC7154).

# IETF Guidelines for Conduct

Note: These guidelines are not provided in full in this document.
Some extracts are provided.
Please see the [RFC document](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc7154.html) for full details.
While we do not currently formally interact with the IETF beyond publication of specification documents,
we have found their approach to developing specifications well informed and useful.

> This document provides a set of guidelines for personal interaction

Reviewer 2: The first sentence is a bit awkward reading to me, given "this document" is clearly an extract -- maybe worth eliding just a bit?

Author: Yeah I hear you there.
I'll modify slightly.

> This document provides a set of guidelines for personal interaction

Author: ```suggestion
BCP 54 provides a set of guidelines for personal interaction
```

* Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a
  professional setting

## Enforcement Responsibilities

Community leaders are responsible for clarifying and enforcing our standards of
acceptable behavior and will take appropriate and fair corrective action in
response to any behavior that they deem inappropriate, threatening, offensive,
or harmful.

Community leaders have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or reject
comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions that are
not aligned to this Code of Conduct, and will communicate reasons for moderation
decisions when appropriate.

## Scope

This Code of Conduct applies within all community spaces, and also applies when
an individual is officially representing the community in public spaces.
Examples of representing our community include using an official e-mail address,
posting via an official social media account, or acting as an appointed
representative at an online or offline event.

## Enforcement

Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be
reported to the community leaders responsible for enforcement at

> report@jsonschema.dev.

Reviewer 3: Is there a reason this can't be a `json-schema.org` email? `jsonschema.dev` is your (@Relequestual) personal domain, not a community domain.

Author: https://github.com/json-schema-org/community/issues/40
